Add `keyboard-navigation` feature (#3242)
sindresorhus/refined-github: readme.md

- [](# "minimize-upload-bar") [Reduces the upload bar to a small button.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55841/59802383-3d994180-92e9-11e9-835d-60de67611c30.png)
- [](# "clean-rich-text-editor") [Hides unnecessary comment field tooltips and toolbar items](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/53629083-a4fe8900-3c47-11e9-8211-bfe2d254ffcb.png) (each one has a keyboard shortcut.)
- [](# "monospace-textareas") Use a monospace font for all textareas.

> - [](# "keyboard-navigation") Adds shortcuts to conversations and PR file lists: <kbd>j</kbd> focuses the comment/file below; <kbd>k</kbd> focuses the comment/file above.

Reviewer: Gif missing here

Reviewer: ![aasad](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/86573176-48665900-bf74-11ea-8996-a5c46cb7bdfd.gif)

```suggestion
- [](# "keyboard-navigation") [Adds shortcuts to conversations and PR file lists: <kbd>j</kbd> focuses the comment/file below; <kbd>k</kbd> focuses the comment/file above.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/86573176-48665900-bf74-11ea-8996-a5c46cb7bdfd.gif)
```

- [](# "minimize-upload-bar") [Reduces the upload bar to a small button.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55841/59802383-3d994180-92e9-11e9-835d-60de67611c30.png)
- [](# "clean-rich-text-editor") [Hides unnecessary comment field tooltips and toolbar items](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/53629083-a4fe8900-3c47-11e9-8211-bfe2d254ffcb.png) (each one has a keyboard shortcut.)
- [](# "monospace-textareas") Use a monospace font for all textareas.

> - [](# "comment-shortcuts") Adds shortcuts to comments: <kbd>j</kbd> to move down a comment; <kbd>k<kbd> to move up a comment.; <kbd>e</kbd> to edit a comment; <kbd>d</kbd> to delete a comment.

Reviewer: I'd call this feature `navigate-comments` and in the future we can have another feature called `navigate-pr-files` (or if possible they can be merged)

> - [](# "keyboard-navigation") Adds shortcuts to comments: <kbd>j</kbd> focuses the comment below; <kbd>k</kbd> focuses the comment above; <kbd>e</kbd> edits the focused comment; <kbd>d</kbd> deletes the focused comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [](# "keyboard-navigation") Adds shortcuts to comments and PR files: <kbd>j</kbd> focuses the comment below..
```

> - [](# "keyboard-navigation") Adds shortcuts to comments: <kbd>j</kbd> focuses the comment below; <kbd>k</kbd> focuses the comment above; <kbd>e</kbd> edits the focused comment; <kbd>d</kbd> deletes the focused comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [](# "keyboard-navigation") Adds shortcuts to conversations and PR file lists: <kbd>j</kbd> focuses the comment/file below; <kbd>k</kbd> focuses the comment/file above.
```

- [](# "minimize-upload-bar") [Reduces the upload bar to a small button.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55841/59802383-3d994180-92e9-11e9-835d-60de67611c30.png)
- [](# "clean-rich-text-editor") [Hides unnecessary comment field tooltips and toolbar items](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/53629083-a4fe8900-3c47-11e9-8211-bfe2d254ffcb.png) (each one has a keyboard shortcut.)
- [](# "monospace-textareas") Use a monospace font for all textareas.

> - [](# "keyboard-navigation") Adds shortcuts to comments: <kbd>j</kbd> focuses the comment below; <kbd>k</kbd> focuses comment above; <kbd>e</kbd> edits the focused comment; <kbd>d</kbd> deletes the focused comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [](# "keyboard-navigation") Adds shortcuts to comments: <kbd>j</kbd> focuses the comment below; <kbd>k</kbd> focuses the comment above; <kbd>e</kbd> edits the focused comment; <kbd>d</kbd> deletes the focused comment.
```
